Cal hosts UCLA tomorrow and for two
bears performing in front of over 70,000
fans is a lifelong dream that has
nothing to do with football
Oh
hey hey how's it going Alex logging but
nice to meet you too Kim I hear this is
where the music is hmm it might be you
guys gonna come in roll on through we do
have one of the sweetest houses ever
nice and college for you hello Bob
Marley but we got to take you to Studio
a the real magic I think Big Red's in
here already Oh on the beat making
platform big red D lineman CBS is here
man they want to see us do something are
you doing what's the word guess the word
is in top of me to lick because I just
flew in but the concrete runways just
too thin so what set up shop over the
past year Alex laga minh and mike
costanzo have been recording hip-hop and
alternative music they already have two
mixtapes and have been on a college tour
some people kind of like see it as like
oh like a white football players rapping
and kind of you know just immediately
write it off I think it listen to the
whole CD one time and just because like
honestly because he was like a white
rapper I think I listened to and I was
just like may I don't want to do this so
fine I listened to a few more times and
like secretly was falling around the fam
and then he asked me to DJ I was like I
mean if she if he would ask me like
before when I hadn't listened to it like
no man like you could do that on your
own he can't rap about that plus he only
close up with DC jack I don't think so i
just saw myself in your girlfriend's
ring touch a lot of the music that we
make comes from
I feel almost like giving a rebirth to
old music that made some people may have
a lot of dead well you can take
something that someone just throws out
on the street and just recreate it make
it like fun and sort of reviving yeah
i'm talking about recycling you yeah
it's like how much more birthday can we
get it that's the question Berkeley is
the back just music video new kid yeah
lucky and DJ big red like the gum but
spicier like you like you like and
wonderland but don't don't touch
misunderstanding with the feeling good
and you should be soon it's gotten some
negative exposure but it's also gotten
tons of positive exposure and like you
can only you know it's a dog good we
take the hate we take the love all in
one I just think but a concert I could
just that's definitely a go trouble
house I'm out there I'm just stage Davin
when big red stage dies we've made it
better all right laagi is not all about
the music and football he has the
highest GPA on the team it's a 365
that's enough time to do mark and
gorgeous yes like that blows play he
does the music videos impressive you
said they used over thirty thousand
dollars of equipment that their friends
donated to help make the video have been
very quick ring chemistry they have
together as well probably on the field
as well as off the film well he's on
he's on defense big red is so you know
yeah and practice i'm sure they bang and
rubies to do grip nice and college for
you that's a good time
maybe he's don't like almost 5,000
friends on Facebook and over 60,000
people watch that video on YouTube oh
maybe we're just a couple more their way
than night all right